I will go tomorrow.
I will give you the velvet.
Take care of her for me.
You can rest assured.
For myself I give up sometimes
Sometimes what is given to you will not become your characteristic.
When he used to study abroad
Already a PhD in management at school.
Moreover, he himself once opened a mining machinery shop.
You said it.
Ngu Khang Hospital of foreign medical newspaper
It's by Vu Nhu Cuong Luc.
Unfortunately can not leave.
Told you so.
Unexpectedly.
Mr. Wook, what do you mean?
Meaning of happiness
I didn't expect you to have such ability.
That's something you wouldn't expect.
It's easy to manage others taking care of you, you have to help me.
Rest assured, Brother Huc is absolutely not up to the task.
How about we pay 2 million?
Sister, the price we offer
Already considered the best in the industry.
You don't want to sell.
Not for any other reason.
You can say it.
Maybe we can help solve it.
Looks like the girl is smart.